Policy Set Exclusion: Product Docs (#431)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/policy-enforcement/index.mdx

> ## Apply Policy Sets to Workspaces and Projects

Reviewer: Do we need to add guidance on how to do this in the UI? Like how folks actually go about excluding a workspace from a policy set? Or if not should we point them to the API for how to do this?

Reviewer: That's perfect; thank you for adding that step!

Policy sets are collections of policies you can apply globally or to specific [projects](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/organize-workspaces-with-projects) and workspaces in your organization. For each run in the selected workspaces, Terraform Cloud checks the Terraform plan against the policy set.

> You can exclude workspaces from any global or project-scoped policy sets. A policy set's policies will not be enforced on any runs in an excluded workspace. Excluded workspaces override included workspaces, so even if a policy set is applied directly to a workspace, the workspace can still be excluded from the policy set at the project level.

Reviewer: I don't _love_ the below suggestion, but I do think it makes it a little more clear. Specially, I think "excluded" v.s. "included" might be confusing to folks. What do you think?
```suggestion
You can also exclude specific workspaces from global or project-scoped policy sets. Terraform Cloud won't enforce a policy set's policies on any runs in an excluded workspace. For example, if you directly attach a policy set to a project and then exclude one of the project's workspaces from that policy set, Terraform Cloud will not enforce the policy set on that excluded workspace.
```

Author: I like it! I tweaked the suggestion a little bit in 25cdc9e.
